c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.dll.config
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.pdb
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.dll
c:\users\sergioantonio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.pdb
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.dll.config
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.dll
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\KendoGridFilters.pdb
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.dll
C:\Users\jgrijalva\Documents\GitHub\KendoGridFilters\KendoGridFilters\obj\Debug\KendoGridFilters.pdb
